Well, hello, good afternoon, how are you doing? Normally, what is a sad look, you didn’t have light for 4 hours, it’s bad yes, it will be even worse yes, you understand that yes Well, how next Yes, you won’t sign the peace treaty, we’ll sign Of course we want This is already coming to this Well how it goes but you understand that Russia I just wasn’t interested in politics before, but for 10 months I’ve been watching the news for something, I always watch that Russia was kicked out of the Kyiv region of Kharkiv Kherson is preparing further Kharkov in the region screams so many technicians left the group was in the Kherson area how they will force the Dnieper And why How come why do you need to cross over to why and in Zaporozhye you don’t have enough strength, in principle, I’m not a military expert, I can’t assess the power of our army in the area of ​​​​request Well, you appreciated Yes, damn it, I thought that ours are where - something for a milita was hit, you appreciated it there Yes, everything is not enough, everything damn it I myself am from the Belgorod region Damn, I thought to say how you [ __ ] Belgorod itself according to school  la and then it will be and then it
will only get worse, and even Voronezh
Voronezh will get it Absolutely right
Yes,
say we just eat an autonomous bomb I
will try
not to say
you yourself believe Why
look at Ukraine with an atomic bomb Kherson, which
you consider to be Russia Yes, they didn’t
turn on soon, let’s say  Yes, well, above Look,
according to your Constitution, Kherson is the same
as Belgorod,
they are equivalent, I don’t know They are
included in Russia as the Kherson
region Yes, well, recently That is, it turns out to
take Kherson and take Belgorod, this is the
same what kind of atomic bomb to throw here
the equal sign is not applicable not  apply
Kherson this is second class people from Kherson
for Russia second class Belgorod
formed territories but educated ones
can be donated to the
administration they have implemented
Russian
legislation  In short, don’t sigh
There was no light, I didn’t have 4 hours of
light, and Belgorod is jahaha and cool I
’ll sit tomorrow 4
You know, in Belgorod, in general, while
there was nothing terrible, the same
subeykin
without light, yours is sitting not just on the
basis of a non-military principle  object,
we just look, we just trained for 8 years to
bomb the Donbass now
bomb Belgorod We are trained, what's the
problem
if we bombed our people for 8 years, she has been
bombing dudes in Belgorod Well, you
understand if they suckers can’t even
throw an atomic bomb in short on us like
not  Well, maybe the water is jumping somewhere, jumping,
we jumped and shouted who doesn’t jump, that
Muscovites sho and you didn’t throw a bomb, well done
you, so to speak, And you still screamed
imagine on the Central Square of
Belgorod
led to the fact that Crimea did not enter to
be in the composition soon Crimea will return
to  the native harbor will return
The bottom line is that we look for 8 years if we
bombed our regions for
8 years We bombed our region for 8 years
your army was let's say yes I'm talking about that  that
we need to bomb Belgorod
here we are bombing Belgorod what will you do to us
we are bombing Zelensky says we
will fly with whites and
bomb everyone like this
by the New Year for Christmas
Well, you see Putin was in Minsk
They will agree that they are shorter
But it will be the most effective  the measure is
just a gorgeous character Itself there, the
chosen one, I get such emotional
pleasure from talking with you
Just when I understood the atomic bomb,
you are so cool somewhere, that is,
you understand what you think, look,
look, when the rocket flew away flew to
Poland, the baydan crap himself 1 said that this
not a Russian missile Yes,
they don’t want
America to be taken out, they will smash Washington,
therefore, everyone understood this, everyone understands
Germany, therefore America said that
damn it, so now we won’t give weapons to
Ukraine
America Biden crap Then he said since then
, too, he spoke in the Senate, they haven’t
seen him yet He said that you understand  what they
give you weapons So then you
will return everything, yes it is  Well, these are not
gifts, of course, well, what’s the problem,
we’ll return the money when it was in the Second World War, the Soviet Union returned the money, we
’ll return it, we returned these weapons and then
we’ll return the money and the weapons of the
money, what’s the problem No, what’s the
problem,
we will return your money
Well  look, for example, we will settle accounts with England
Arkhangelsk
with America
Vladivostok there will be
Belgorod
we will settle accounts absolutely normal So why not at all
normally
at least to reach Yekaterinburg
Why And then
why do you even Hitler understood this in order to
sign inflation with Russia you need to reach
the Urals
I thought that we would only go to Belgorod
And if we agree, then China will be
enough from there So the
city looks safe, poor there
is no production there is no Russia  you
won't lose anything  t are
already ready to sacrifice Belgorod for the
last 30 years there was a lot
set up, of course, it’s a pity they’ll bomb everything, but
for Russia it won’t be critical And what
Well, bomb the course there, too, nothing
special to go nuts there
I just realized that a year ago
they said we’ll get to London, we’ll dilute
Washington And now the
Russians
Belgorod,
even if you do this
Well, first of all, all these Sarmatians will start
flying at you, why don’t they fly at you now
Well, as if you understand But the point of your bombing is
actually Putin very gently
Your guys are dying of us it makes no sense
yes Well you understand
dies 8 Ours are gone for one of
yours,
look, look how many of ours died
Look Here I
have Data near the Belgorod region
, 119 people died from our region, a
population of one and a half million, building a
proportion there, multiplying by 146 million,
you get that in Russia somewhere about
ten thousand dead
I see I see but here I have City
my city 300.000 people see
for example
if we are watching What n  for example, those who died
there, military units there,
Aleysk, stood there Buryatia, there are more
dead, it’s uneven,
but they are not in the Belgorod region, the
density of the dead is lower
Dagestan There Buryatia is more
successful, you are already ready to sacrifice
morally Belgorod and Kursk and Voronezh
For example, if Ukraine captures also  in
Voronezh will lose something from this or
not,
that is, the Sarmatians will fly for Belgorod And
already for Voronezh atomic bombs Yes,
you will also decide
if Ukraine captures Belgorod, then the
Sarmatians will fly at us, but if we sue
Voronezh before such a sacred Earth, then the
atomic bomb will fly shorter  bomb Yes, you
know, during the Second World War, the
Battle of Voronezh is actually an understudy of the
Battle of Stalingrad at the same time,
and there, in fact, Germany was
defeated Voronezh
deprived its armies Voronezh, the world
's largest military Hungarian cemetery
is located
I understood correctly that Belgorod is shorter  and
Kursk we can capture without fear of the
atomic bomb  but don’t meddle, look Well,
if they
announce a general mobilization,
millions will go to you, just
millions 10 mobilizes and send
your millions 10 where did you take so many
people took reserves from us 25
million so how many people in Russia are
146 146 million we will throw away the children of the old people
we will take a third we will throw away more women it
will be  shorter than 1/6 here is 142 120 look there is
data on reserves 25 million people
understood cool you just according to the data
it was shorter in general there are armies on paper
these 25 million
we don’t even have the whole contract
200 thousand contract soldiers why
and why then they announced partial
mobilization
Well they protect  strength is obtained But
hard workers like you don’t save yes,
you understand Well, I don’t know there again you
said that in Russia there are half a million
contract army and they are fighting with us How many
contract soldiers in Ukraine are 200 thousand,
somewhere else 300 thousand contract soldiers question
If you died under  your calculations are
only 10 here I have military men living in my house
you told me five minutes ago what according to Ross  and
10,000 died Yes, out of 200 thousand
contract soldiers who entered Ukraine
, 10 thousand died, which means 190 thousand remained,
but for this Why did you
have to recruit another 300 thousand
mobile phones for this Yes Well, naturally,
how many Ukrainian dead soldiers Well,
if she reduced the rank of Ursula Ford I
think that  how much more
do you think I think she took it from the ceiling Tell me,
I think it’s more How much So, that
is, it turns out I just can’t understand
that if you kill ours in such
huge numbers And so few of you
die Why else did
you need mobilization if yours coped like that
guys
Well, you know, 200000 can’t
fight effectively there against a million
200 thousand can’t fight effectively, but
kill 8 times more of ours,
while you see we have energy.
you
can’t fight effectively like that in such a
quantity, then you must have losses
be bigger because you don't
fight effectively but you're telling
us we're sort of on the
defensive where we're attacking where we're attacking
here In which populated way are we
attacking now
bang and Well you know what
city we're attacking now tell me Well you're
trying where we are  not trying to constantly
run out And our artillery covers
Where where are we where we attack Here tell me at
what point we attack
you I tell you Zaporozhye where you attack Donbass to me
And where we attack the Kharkov region
it is liberated
what city is left there oh
well come on tell us so that we  finished in the
Kharkiv region, what piece was left
Well, I know, look, well, you still do
n’t completely control the Kupyatsky one, there is also
a bombing going on, we don’t control if the
city that was intact in Ukraine
thanks to your entry
Which city in the Kharkov region
is still under control
somewhere there  near the Belgorod region
and we and we are attacking these villages and
you are hammering us there  you’ve cheered me up so much, in short, there is, it means there are Russian folk tales Here you would be just a storyteller In short, from God yes [laughter] I forgot today just an awesome character Mega like damn it is very important in Russian I’ll say that everyone understood see How the transformation of thinking took place year back we will take Washington Yes, the English channel of the tank army will be given to Berlin And then Well, yes, if the Belgorod region for Russia does not have some significant loss, the dudes already imagine they are investing in their brains that the Belgorod and Kursk regions already exist In Voronezh, then they won’t get it an atomic bomb yes And if the value of the Belgorod region is already good, because we’re still drinking, I’m transforming edibility, here’s the Russians, we’ll pile on, we’ll take Kyiv three days before Belgorod, we won’t hold the note Voronezh, we’ll stand for Stalingrad in short, everyone subscribes, it was just an honest buzz Glory to Ukraine, we’re collapsing further damn it